Terraform Docs (#3174)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-policy/v0.2.x (beta)/docs/policy/reference/policy/locals.mdx

---
page_title: '`locals`'
description: >-
  Reference for the `locals` block used to define local values in policy files.
# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2026-07-14T11:44:47-05:00
last_modified: 2026-07-14T19:01:38.000Z
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

# `locals`

> Terraform policy supports `locals` blocks. These blocks behave like `locals` blocks within Terraform configuration language, allowing you to share data with useful names between blocks. You can include a locals block as a top-level block, in which case those values will be available to all of the policies you include in your configuration. You can also include a locals block nested within any policy block, in which case those local values will only be scoped to that policy. Terraform policy will raise an error if a policy-scoped local has the same name as a top-level local.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `locals` block to define values and reuse them in your policy. `locals` blocks allow you to share data with useful names between blocks. When defined at the root of the configuration, all policies in the configuration can access its values.

You can also define reusable values in `locals` blocks nested within any type of policy block, which limits the scope to its parent policy. Terraform policy raises an error if a policy-scoped local has the same name as a top-level `locals` block. For information about `locals` nested inside policy blocks, refer to the following topics:

- [`locals` argument in `provider_policy` blocks](/terraform/policy/reference/policy/provider-policy#locals)
- [`locals` argument in `resource_policy` blocks](/terraform/policy/reference/policy/resource-policy#locals)
- [`locals` argument in `module_policy` blocks](/terraform/policy/reference/policy/module-policy#locals) 

```
Maybe the links are superfluous, but it helps communicate the idea that we mean any of the specific policy types and not the `policy` block (unless I'm mistaken about what we mean)
